README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋
I'm Jon Wasky and this is my profile
- 🎓I'm majoring in Computer Science

Some Projects I'm working on are
- 🏎️ TinyKartz
  - TinyKartz originally was a project I started in Highschool with a group of two others. The game ran using Unity and C#. Since then I've gained more knowledge of C#, I have decided to completely rewrite the game. 
- 🕹️ Un-named Action Adventure Game
  - I haven't fully fleshed out all of the details to this game just that the art style is going to be similar to The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker.
  - I've created a few models for the game, and started working on animations. It has a working player locomotion controller.
<!--
**Wamski/Wamski** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Completely rewrote my README.md
Updated the information regarding Tiny Karts and Moonlit (Previously Un-named), and restructured the appearance of the README

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋
I'm Jon Wasky and this is my profile. I am majoring in Computer Science and I am expected to graduate in Spring of 2026.

## Projects
### 🏎️ Tiny Karts
Tiny Karts is a small time trial racing game similar to Mario Kart that me and a group of two others developed in High School as a final Project. This project introduced me to programming in C# and Unity 3D and inspired me to pursue this field. Tiny Karts had a strict deadline of two months and was to be presented at Sinclair College's Tech Prep Showcase.

### 🌙 Moonlit (In Progress)
Moonlit is a small scoped game that I have been working on over winter break and during my free time. Moonlit as of 01/09/25 is currently a souls-like boss room with the graphics and stylization taking inspiration from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker.
Working:
 - Player:
    - Locomotion Script
    - Animation Handler
    - Player Stats Script (Health, Stamina)
    - Enemy Targeting (WIP)
      - Can Target 1 Enemy but needs to be able to switch between multiple.
  - Boss:
    - NavMeshAI
      - Locomotion (Patroling, Chasing, Attacking)
      - Animation Handling
